okay now we'll go over the same five
pentatonic scales but we'll add in the
fourth and seventh notes the notes that
we're missing so here we are again
starting on a 3rd fret pattern one this
is the complete scale across the neck
now we're adding a fourth and step with
notes and here we go here that pattern
one complete pattern left here's what I
did complete pattern one fret 3 Pfc
here's your fingering complete pattern
one always starts on the fifth of the
key the grain oats are the roots and
indicate the key wherever their pattern
is played
now we're going to pattern to which
connects to the pattern one plc 5th fret
still connects to the first pattern
which ended on the 5th fret here we go
there you go that's pattern to the
complete pattern here's what I did
complete pattern to fret 5 KFC here's
your fingering complete pattern to
always starts on the sixth of the key
wherever they've a turn display the
grain oats are the roots and indicate
the key also wherever the pattern is
played
now we're going to the complete pattern
3 which connects to pattern to on the
seventh fret here we go PFC pattern 3
starting on the 7th fret 3 now here's
what I g-hit complete pattern 3 fret 7
key of C here's your fingering complete
pattern 3 always starts on the seventh
of the key no matter where the pattern
is play the grain oats are the roots and
indicate the key wherever the pattern is
played
now we're going to powder for KFC
starting on the 10th fret weird pattern
3 in here that complete pattern for fret
10 KFC here's your fingering complete
patter for always starts on the second
of the key wherever the pattern display
the grain oats are the roots and they
indicate the key also wherever the
pattern is played
this pattern one pattern to power 3
counter for now we're going to para 5
that connects on the twelfth red key of
C now here's what I did complete pattern
five fret 12 Pfc here's your fingering
complete pattern five always starts on
the third of the scale no matter where
you play the patter
foundation of guitar is a fire pattern
system that repeats
here's the complete board in the key of
C notice the pattern at the fourth and
seventh notes make diagonally across the
board they're called tritones because
they are three whole steps apart also
you can see the system of pentatonix in
the open position pattern five is first
on the 12th fret you see pattern 5 again
this is because every 12 frets you'll
run into the same pattern
now let's take a closer look at the open
pattern 5 it looks the same but it's
different in the fingering due to the
open strings you only need your first
three fingers to play the pattern
completely beginners after you learn
each string in the open position this is
the pattern that it forms
you